Simplified event and state api (#67)
Holo-Host/web-sdk: README.md

const holo = new WebSdkApi(child);
```

> ### `await WebSdkApi.connect({ chaperone_url, authFormCustomization }) -> WebSdkApi`

Reviewer: I'm gonna push a commit addressing snake_case in docs. This line for example should say `chaperoneUrl`

Reviewer: Actually I'll make a PR on top of this one to avoid blocking this

Author: 🙏

Author: 🙏

### `.cellData( role_id ) -> Promise<CellData>`

(NOT IMPLEMENTED) Returns the cell data by role id for the respective DNA instance.

### `.stateDump() -> Promise<any>`

(NOT IMPLEMENTED) Calls the state dump function on user's sourcechain of the respective DNA instance.

> ### `.signIn( opts? ) -> Promise<AgentInfo>`

Reviewer: Note to self for when I make a docs PR: Change all of these occurences of `AgentInfo` to `AgentState`

#### Return Types
```typescript
type AgentState = {
  id: string, // pub key
  isAnonymous: boolean,

>   isAvailable: boolean, // "isAvailable: true" means the agent is connected to envoy, the app is installed, and you can make zome calls

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  isAvailable: boolean, // "isAvailable: true" means the agent is connected to a host, the app is installed, and you can make zome calls
```

  hostUrl: string,

>   unrecoverableError: string,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  unrecoverableError: string, // If non-null, this agent is in a bad state. The solution is probably to call signOut.
```

### `on( event, callback )`
**Events**
- `signal` - emitted when a signal is passed from chaperone

> - `agent-state` - emitted switching to a new agent, availability changes, or on unrecoverable agent state. The event passes one argument, and object of type `AgentState` (see above)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `agent-state` - emitted switching to a new agent, availability changes, or on unrecoverable agent state. The event passes one argument, the current value of `this.agent`
```
I think it's worth clarifying that the argument and the field have identical values.
